MCE Test Questions Practice

(the following test questions were taken from https://nation.marketo.com/t5/Product-Blogs/Sample-Questions-for-MCE-Exam-Program-Fundamentals/ba-p/243293#) (program fundamentals)

1. You need to mark individuals as attended as they show up to your customer appreciation dinner. Which channel and program type should you use?

a. Webinar channel and Event program type
b. Email Send channel and Email program type
c. Live Event channel and Event program type
d. Operational program channel and Default program type

2. Which of the following are ways to become a member of a program? (Choose all that apply)

a. Fill out a form inside of a program
b. Import into the program member tab
c. Attend a webinar synced with the program
d. Import into a static list in the program
e. Program status flow action

3. Which of the following is not a way to become a member of a program?

a. Create a new lead via the iPad or Android event application
b. Fill out a form that's located in Design Studio
c. Add a lead to a Salesforce campaign synced to a Marketo program
d. Select the acquisition program when importing into the Lead Database

4. Which of the following would be appropriate success statuses in a program? (Choose all that apply)

a. Engaged
b. Attended
c. Sent
d. Invited

5. You want to track a gated piece of content on your company website for number of form fills and new names. Which channel would you select?

a. Website
b. Web form
c. Default
d. Engagement

6. You want to send multiple emails to the same audience at a consistent pace and time. Which program type would you select?

a. Email
b. Engagement
c. Nurture
d. Default

7. You want to send an email to individuals thanking them for stopping by at an event and asking them if they would like to receive emails from you. Which program type would you select?

a. Tradeshow
b. Default
c. Event
d. Webinar

8. True or false: You have three program statuses in your channel, in order: Member (Step 10), Filled Out Form (Step 20 - Success) and Engaged (Step 20 - Success). In this setup, a lead can move from Filled Out Form to Engaged but not vice versa.

9. Which of the following is the best approach for adding members to an engagement program?

a. Create a triggered smart campaign with a 'Add to Engagement Program' flow step
b. Use transition rules in the stream
c. Import members into the program using a static list
d. Create a form in the program

10. You wish to stop sending out content to a group of individuals in an existing engagement program. Which of the following approaches should you take?

a. Archive the content in the engagement program
b. Remove the leads from the program
c. Change the program's cadence
d. Pause the leads in the program

11. True or false: You can use a transition rule on the first stream in an engagement program.

12. You have 2000 leads in an engagement program, 125 of which have exhausted all the content. You recently added new content into the program at the top of the only stream in the program. How many leads will receive the new white paper at the next cast, assuming there are no deliverability issues and no additional people will be added to the program?

a. 125
b. 875
c. 2000
d. 1125

13. Which types of assets can be used in an engagement program stream?

a. Email
b. Report
c. Default program
d. Email Send program
e. Landing Page
f. Event program

14. A lead fills out a form and the marketing manager wants two actions to occur immediately:
- Send the lead a confirmation email
- Change the lead's program status to Registered
What should be done to ensure this?

a. Set up a smart campaign with a 'Program Status is Changed' trigger in the smart list and a 'Send Email' step in the flow
b. Set up a smart campaign with a 'Fills out Form' trigger in the smart list and 'Send Email' and 'Change Data Value' steps in the flow
c. Set up a smart campaign with a 'Fills out Form' trigger in the smart list and a 'Send Email' and 'Change Program Status' step in the flow
d. Set up a smart campaign with a 'Fills out Form' trigger in the smart list and a 'Send Alert' and 'Change Program Status' step in the flow

15. What is the difference between segmentations and smart lists?

a. A lead can exist in multiple segments but not in multiple smart lists
b. Smart lists can be used in smart campaigns while segmentations cannot
c. Segmentations can be used to create dynamic content while smart lists cannot
d. Smart lists can be used as a filter option when creating an email program while segmentations cannot
e. Smart lists are not mutually exclusive but segmentations are

16. What types of content can be added to an engagement program? (Choose all that apply)

a. Emails
b. Landing pages
c. Email programs
d. Events

17. Which of the following program types would you use if creating a new channel for lead nurture?

a. Default
b. Event
c. Engagement
d. Email

18. You have an engagement program with four emails. A lead has already received the second email and the first email is scheduled to be activated tomorrow. If your cadence is set for today, which email will the lead receive?

a. The first
b. The second
c. The third
d. The fourth

19. True or false: The only difference between an event program and a default program is the ability to set a start and end date.

20. Which type of A/B test would you not run if you want to improve your open rates?

a. Subject line
b. Date/time
c. From address
d. Whole email

21. True or false: You may only use open rate, click rate, or engagement score as the criteria for selecting a winner in an A/B test.

22. Which of the following webinar partners does Marketo not integrate with?

a. Cvent
b. GoToWebinar
c. Brightalk
d. Adobe Connect
e. ON24
f. ReadyTalk
g. Webex

23. Which of the following functionality is not part of the webinar integration with Marketo?

a. Push registrants from Marketo to the webinar provider
b. Push attendees from the webinar provider to Marketo
c. Share survey results from the webinar provider with Marketo
d. Use a custom webinar login URL token in your follow-up emails and calendar invites

24. Which of the following is not a feature of the iPad/Android event check-in application?

a. Send out follow-up emails
b. Register new attendees onsite
c. Check in attendees onsite
d. View registered individuals

25. You would like to run a data management campaign whenever a lead's country value is populated in the database, so you can standardize the format. Which of the following triggers and filters is the best choice to accomplish this?

a. Data Value Changes trigger with a constraint on Country
b. Lead is Created trigger with a filter for Country
c. Data Values Changes trigger with a constraint on Country and Lead is Created Trigger
d. Lead is Created trigger, Data Value Changes trigger with a constraint on Country and a filter for Country

26. You wish to run a campaign on all inactive leads. Which of the following types of campaigns is the most appropriate choice?

a. Triggered smart campaign
b. Batch smart campaign
c. Requested campaign
d. Sales Insight campaign

27. View the graphic below labeled Image 1. True or false: an individual in California with a lead score of 49 and a status of SQL would qualify for this campaign.

Image 1: https://marketoneglobal-my.sharepoint.com/:i:/g/personal/nhuezo_marketone_com/EahS6eG1Ly1JrEVzLg7i4zMBw65oC2gNV6rRqSc6Q-NAjg?e=H85TA4

28. View the graphic below labeled Image 2. True or false: an individual who visits the web page but does not fill out the form will not qualify for this campaign.

Image 2: https://marketoneglobal-my.sharepoint.com/:i:/g/personal/nhuezo_marketone_com/EeZtJWv5zDhFjF8J0GEVb-MBbdnLufOkQpA_Mo_ceyrTmw?e=K9hXF8

29. True or false: Advanced filters in a smart list apply to both triggers and filters.

30. Which smart campaign trigger would you use if you wanted to send out an email to individuals who registered for a white paper?

a. Program Status is Changed
b. Filled Out Form
c. Send Email
d. Lead is Created

31. Which of the following is not an example of a flow step?

a. Change Program Status
b. Send Email
c. Add to SFDC Campaign
d. Wait
e. Visits Web page

32. You have a triggered campaign that is supposed to send out an email to someone who fills out a form. You wish to ensure that this email goes out during the work week. Which features should you use?

a. Duration wait step
b. Date wait step
c. Date token wait step
d. Campaign scheduling

33. Which of the following are use cases for using request campaign? (Choose all that apply)

a. Creating a campaign for sales to use from within Sales Insight
b. Triggering a campaign using an external system via the API
c. Adding members to an engagement program
d. Alerting someone to follow up on a sales lead

34. True or false: When you add choices in a flow step, the order of the choices does not matter.

35. A content marketing manager has 1000 leads in an engagement program, 110 of which have exhausted all the content. The content marketing manager recently completed a new white paper and has added the new content into the program at the top of the only stream in the program.
How many leads will receive the new white paper at the next cast, assuming there are no deliverability issues and no additional people will be added to the program?

a. 110
b. 890
c. 1000
d. 1110

36. A marketing manager wants to run a batch Smart Campaign to process leads that were both created by form fillout today and who also visited the company's pricing page.
Which rule logic should be used when setting up the Smart List?

a. Use ANY filters
b. Use ALL filters
c. Use Basic filters
d. Use Advanced filters

37. A marketing manager needs to gate a piece of content on the company website. Which three channel and program types correspond to this activity?

a. An Email program with the channel "Email"
b. A Default program with the channel "Email"
c. An Event program with the channel "Web Form"
d. A Default program with the channel "Content"
e. A Default program with the channel "Web Form"
f. A Default program with the channel "Web Content"
g. An Engagement program with the channel "Web Content"

38. A marketing manager has an engagement program with emails that have been activated and approved. The stream cadence has been set up, and the program turned on, but after the cast date, the manager can see that emails are not sent.
Which step has been missed?

a. The quality of the deliverability is not checked.
b. Members have not been added to the engagement program.
c. The CRM sync with the engagement program is not activated.
d. The engagement score has not had sufficient time to calculate.

(the following test questions were taken from https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSdUS4_BSHY9AtfXsyq2d7ec3S9MK-rYyBNnU6sqv4Tk0FagOw/viewform) (On Marketo and Marketing automation)

39. Where in the email or LP can we usually find a snippet? 

a. pre-header text
b. subject line
c. smart list
d. footer

40. How long is the minimum wait between the send test and send winner in a A/B test setup?

a. 15 min
b. 30 min
c. 1 hour
d. 4 hours

41. Where can you find all the images stored in Marketo?

a. Marketing Activities
b. Design Studio
c. Database
d. Email Insights

42. When {{company.Account Owner Email Address:default=auto-reply@teatime.com}} appears in the sender address field, which option below is displayed - if no account owner is assigned to the person yet?

a. salesowner@teatime.com
b. auto-reply@teatime.com
c. welcome@teatime.com
d. Blank

43. An essential prerequisite for using dynamic content is having an approved _____ 

a. Landing page
b. Email
c. Segmentation
d. Smart list

44. Where can you see the number of unsubscribed people in an Email Program?

a. Summary
b. Dashboard
c. Control Panel
d. Flow tab

45. Which Marketo report will show opens, clicks and deliverability?

a. Email Performance report
b. Email Link performance report
c. Landing page performance report
d. Program Performance report

46. Where can I set up the pre-header in a text email?

a. in the smart list
b. in the email settings
c. control panel
d. preheader module in the content of dynamic section

47. What does Marketo call "person" in relation to Salesforce? 

a. Accounts and contacts
b. Leads and records
c. Records and persons
d. Contacts and leads

48. What does "Exhausted" represent? 

a. People who have received too many emails and unsubscribe
b. The recipient's server does not accept our mail
c. The people who have received all emails in an engagement program stream
d. People whose mail address is invalid

49. Which of the following assets can be cloned? (Choose all that apply) 

a. Images
b. Forms
c. Landing pages
d. Emails

50. If you add two Triggers in a Smart Campaign they automatically act in an:

a. And Relationship
b. Or Relationship
c. Secret relationship
d. None of the above

51. Which of the below options are called operators in Marketo ?

a. is/is not/before/ in future
b. is email bounced/is email invalid
c. Use all filters/use any filters
d. collapse all/display all

52. What is the correct way to replace an image in an email asset?

a. replace the image directly in Design Studio
b. upload the new image in Design Studio, get the link, find the email and replace in the email
c. upload the new image directly in the email from My computer

53. The follow-up action after submitting a form can be defined

a. From the landing page where the form is placed
b. From the form asset itself
c. From both of the above
d. From none of the above

54. Damian wants to run a batch Smart Campaign to process leads that were created by form fill-outs today and also visited the resources page. Which rule logic should he use when setting up the Smart List? 

a. Use ANY filters
b. Use ALL filters
c. Use Basic filters
d. Use Advanced filters

55. Which of the following assets need to be approved in order to be used? (Choose all that apply) 

a. Images
b. Forms
c. Landing pages
d. Emails

56. Which element is NOT typically found on a landing page?

a. Body text
b. Subject line
c. Headline
d. Hero image

57. Once activated, a _______ is listening for and responding automatically to actions

a. Trigger Campaign
b. Program
c. Batch Campaign
d. Activity Log

58. When the test sample size is set for 10% in an A/B test, which of the below is true?

a. 10% will be sent out the A/B test at 1st scheduled time , 90% of audience will be sent the A/B test at the next scheduled time.
b. Audience is divided in half, 10% receive at the first scheduled time, 90% at the second scheduled time
c. 10% of audience selected at random will receive the email at 1st scheduled time and the winner will be received by 90% of audience at the 2nd scheduled time
d. 10% will receive A variant and 90% will receive B variant at any of the schedules times
e. none of the above

59. Which of the below are ways of sending a Marketo email ?

a. By creating an email program
b. By creating a batch campaign with send email in the flow step
c. Via Marketo Sales Insights directly in Salesforce
d. All of the above
e. None of the above

60. How do you hide public visibility of a landing page in Marketo?

a. by asking the webmaster to delete the url from the website
b. by unpublishing the landing page
c. by setting up redirect rules in LP setting

61. Marketo Landing Pages are hosted on

a. Marketo servers
b. Company website
c. Company server
d. Company's hosting service

62. How do you ensure there is a text version of an html email? (for receivers who block email images) 

a. Create a new email with a text email template
b. In the email editor click text and automatically copy checkbox
c. in the email settings choose operational email

63. Which of the following is a way a person becomes known to Marketo?

a. The person browses the website and the webpage has Marketo Munchkin installed
b. The person fills out a Marketo form
c. Marketo learns the IP address for the person
d. Marketo knows the country where the person is located

64. Why would a marketer use dynamic content in Marketo?

a. Because it makes the images responsive on mobile
b. to communicate in the recipient's language
c. to communicate in the recipient's time zone

65. When adding links to email copy, what do you need to check? (choose all that apply)

a. that link has all the relevant utms
b. that link is working
c. that display text/CTA copy is added
d. that link has a html code

66. What does a duplicate typically mean in Marketo? 

a. 2 persons working at the same company
b. 2 persons with the same email address
c. 2 persons with the same email address and phone number
d. Records that are duplicated in CRM

67. Why is it important to use tags when setting up a program?

a. for high level reporting
b. to increase your audience
c. to define audience
d. none of the above

68. Which Salesforce field is representative of the Account manager's first name? 

a. sales owner first name
b. account manager first name
c. account owner first name
d. sales manager first name
e. first name

69. Persons who have unsubscribed will not receive operational emails

True
False

70. If you clone an email program, the audience tile displayed in control panel (people and blocked) will be updated automatically?

True
False

71. Choose all that apply for Snippets:

a. Snippets can hold dynamic content
b. Snippets can be used if they are unapproved
c. Snippets are useful for reporting
d. Snippets can contain text as well as images

72. Which report displays conversions?

a. Email link performance report
b. Landing Page performance report
c. Campaign performance report
d. Email performance report

73. A Marketo form can be used in multiple landing pages 

True
False

74. How do you rename an email program?

a. Email programs cannot be renamed
b. Right click the icon and rename
c. From the Summary view
d. From the Control Panel view
e. Ask administrator to rename it for you

75. An email asset can be used in multiple email programs

True
False

76. Sales team in North America has given Patricia a list of clients to import in Marketo and send communications asap. What should Patricia do immediately?

a. import the list in Marketo and send the communications, this is urgent
b. check the list and remove duplicates and blank fields, rename column titles
c. send the list from SF to Marketo via the SF Campaign - Marketo program sync

77. In Smart Campaigns you would define with the smart list the “Who” and in the Flow Step “What”. 

True
False

78. What type of information is available in the person's activity log? (choose all that apply)

a. Created date and source
b. Form fillout browser and page
c. Data value changes
d. sync errors to SF
e. campaign owner name

79. What program types are available in Marketo?

a. Default, Email, Event and Engagement.
b. Nurture, Emailing, Webinar and Standard.
c. Default, Email, Webinar and Classic.
d. Engagement, Standard, Email and Smart Program.

80. Choose all that apply for Tokens 

a. Tokens cannot be added into Tokens
b. My Tokens can be created in programs
c. If a person has no value for the specific field the default value of the token will be shown
d. Emails can be personalized with Tokens

81. The Click to Open rate is calculated based on the number of unique clicks and unique opens.

True
False

82. By using filters like “not was sent email” (is) or “Member of List”(not in), you can avoid sending the same email twice to the same audience.

Yes
No

83. How would you dynamically identify leads in a specific region within your database?

a. by using a token
b. by using a smart list
c. by using a template
d. by using an email

84. Which of the following is a required field when creating leads directly in Marketo Lead Database? 

a. Name
b. Email address
c. Company name
d. Account manager

85. If you want to send a campaign at a specific time and it affects a specific group of people you would choose a Batch campaign.

Yes
No

86. When sending a HTML email, it is best practice to do which of the following?

a. Have a duplicate backup email
b. Create a text version
c. have high resolution images
d. insert video or gifs

87. Chris has been told by sales that one of the clients in APAC did not receive the email campaign. What should Chris do?

a. contact a Marketo admin
b. check the record activity log in Marketo
c. send the email campaign again

88. To filter an Email Performance Report to show only activity from people in UK, where would you apply this change?

a. Smart list
b. Setup tab
c. Filter tab
d. Setup bar

89. What information is NOT available about images in Design Studio?

a. Created date
b. URL
c. Size
d. Dimensions

90. How many person records will exist when a person fills out the same Marketo form multiple times with the same email address?

a. zero
b. one
c. two
d. multiple

91. Valentina asks David to upload a list of Italian leads in Marketo. What list format should Valentina use?

a. XLS (Excel Spreadsheet)
b. CSV (Comma Separated Values)
c. DOC (Word Document)
d. PPT (PowerPoint)

92. Who is the intended audience of Interesting Moments? 

a. Marketing
b. Customers
c. Suppliers
d. Sales

(the following test questions were taken from https://nation.marketo.com/t5/Certification-Study-Group/Sample-MCE-Questions-on-Targeting-and-Personalisation/gpm-p/241775) (Targeting and Personalisation)

93. Which three steps should a marketer use to make an unsubscribe page appear in the reader's local language? (Choose all that apply)

A. Update the individual languages and set your default
B. Create a smart list for each preferred language
C. Create a segmentation with a segment for each preferred language
D. Create the content block on the landing page as dynamic, selecting the preferred language segmentation
E. Create the content block on the landing page as dynamic, selecting the preferred language smart list for each language

94. The following token is added to a subject line in an email: {{lead.Company Name:default=Your Company}}. What is the purpose of the token's default value 'Your Company'?

A. To display the lead's Company Name in the subject line
B. To replace the lead's Company Name in the Lead Database
C. To display 'Your Company' only if the Company Name field is empty
D. To display 'Your Company' in the subject line for every email recipient

95. What is required if a marketing manager wants to send an email personalized from account owners showing an image of each account owner's personal signature?

A. Smart List
B. System Token
C. Email Template
D. Dynamic Content

96. A marketer creates a new segmentation called Country-EMEA, aiming to segment a total of 1,000 leads by different target regions in this geography. After setting up and approving the segmentation, the results show 250 records in the UK region, 50 in France, 200 in Germany, 400 in Italy and 100 who didn't fall into any of the defined country segments. What will be the final size of the new segmentation?

A. 900
B. 1,000
C. 1,250

97. Which areas of an email can use tokens? (Choose all that apply)

A. Subject line
B. 'From' name
C. 'From' email address
D. 'Reply to' email address
E. Body copy

98. True or false: Segmentations are essential to create dynamic content on emails and landing pages.

A. TRUE
B. FALSE

99. Which steps should a marketer use to show dynamic content on a page to different audiences? (Choose all that apply)

A. Activate the Dynamic Content feature from the Admin area
B. Create a segmentation with individual segments for each audience
C. Set the content block on the page as dynamic
D. Associate the dynamic content block with the segmentation
E. Update the block content for each segment

100. Inherited Tokens are...

A. Just available on Engagement programs
B. Overridden by folder-level tokens
C. Can overwrite folder-level tokens
D. Can only use text as the token type

101. True or false: Score is a valid type of token

A. TRUE
B. FALSE

102. True or false: Smart List is a valid type of token

A. TRUE
B. FALSE

103. You can use tokens in which of the following? (Choose all that apply)

A. Flow actions
B. Smart lists
C. Emails
D. Landing pages

104. True or false: Image is an invalid type of token

A. TRUE
B. FALSE

105. An essential prerequisite for using dynamic content is having an approved _____

A. Landing page
B. Email
C. Segmentation
D. Smart list

106. Which type of program token would you use if you wanted to display the lead's company name in red bold letters in your email?

A. Text
B. Email scrip
C. Rich text

107. Which system tokens would you need to use if you want to display the following date format on your email?: 2019-11-10 19:29:00

A. {{system.time}}
B. {{system.dateTime}}
C. {{system.date}}

108. Marketo Snippets are... (choose all that apply)

A. Reusable blocks of rich text and graphics that you can use in your emails and landing pages
B. Useful for making mass updates to your assets, such as updating your email privacy policy language or regional address footer
C. Reliant on segmentations to work, just as Dynamic Content

109.  What would happen if the system token {{system.unsubscribeLink}} is not added to your Marketo email?

A. Marketo won't be able to send the email due to international anti-SPAM laws
B. Marketo will send the email, but might flag your account for sending unsolicited commercial email
C. Marketo will send the email and add a default message at the bottom of the asset giving leads to option to unsubscribe

110. Adding the ‘Forward to Friend’ link to your emails allows you to... (choose all that apply)

A. Track people who have received a forwarded email through this link
B. Automatically add people receiving the forwarded email as a new person if they are not already in the database
C. Add people receiving the forwarded email as mailable opt-ins in your database

111. True or false: SFDC campaign is a valid type of token

A. TRUE
B. FALSE

112. Which of the following statements are true about Calendar File tokens? (choose all that apply)

A. They allow you to add a calendar event link (in .ics format) to your assets
B. They can be added to emails, but not landing pages
C. They are created from the My Tokens tab in your program or folder

113. True or false: It is possible to disable tracking for a specific email link.

A. TRUE
B. FALSE

114. When adding URLs to text tokens, it's important to ensure these don't include the http:// prefix. Why?

A. To make sure opens are tracked in your email
B. To make sure clicks are tracked in your link
C. To make sure the link length doesn't go over the token's character count

115. Is there a limit to how many recipients you can add to the CC field of a Marketo email?

A. No
B. Yes, 50,000 recipients
C. Yes, 10,000 recipients
d. Yes, 100k recipients

116. To personalize a landing page, a marketer wants to use different types of tokens. What is an incorrect use of a token in a page?

A. Date Token
B. First Name Token
C. Smart Token
D. Number Token

117. Which of the following are correct examples of Marketo segmentations? (choose all that apply)

A. Segmentation: Industry / Segments: Healthcare, Retail, Automotive
B. Segmentation: Country / Segments: UK, France, Italy
C. Segmentation: Bad data segment / Segments: Unsubscribed, Disqualified, Blacklisted
D. Segmentation: Lead Owner / Segments: John, Jessica, Martin, Christine

118. Deleting an active segmentation... (choose all that apply)

A. Affects all associated Dynamic Content in Emails, Landing Pages, and Snippets
B. Only takes effect after 24 hours from deletion, to ensure no live campaigns are inmediately affected
C. Can be undone by admins only
D. All of the above

119. You have segmentation for Country with three segments in the following order/priority: 1. UK, 2. France, 3. Italy). If the country field is not populated for a given lead, what content version will they see?

A. The version correspondent to the segment at the higher priority level (1. the UK)
B. None. The email won't be sent to that lead, as the record doesn't fit the purpose of the dynamic email.
C. The lead will see the Default version of the email.

120. Which of the following is not a commonly used segmentation?

A. Region
B. Language
C. Product Interests
D. Job level

121. In which of the following situations would you use dynamic content instead of a token? (Choose all that apply)

A. Display different landing page banners for each person's country
B. Referencing the leads's company name in the email subject line
C. Using personalised URLs based on Department
D. Including the leads's sales owner's name and details

122. True of false: It's best practice to create segmentations instead of smart lists when possible, in order to optimise processing time in the Marketo platform.

A. TRUE
B. FALSE

(the following test questions were taken from https://nation.marketo.com/t5/Product-Blogs/Sample-Questions-for-MCE-Exam-Admin-Operational/ba-p/242936) (admin and operational)

123. You need to comply with US spam legislation. Which of the following subscription management approaches is the most commonly used?

a. Opt-out
b. Opt-in
c. Double opt-in

124. You need to comply with Canadian spam legislation. Which of the following subscription management approaches is the most commonly used?

a. Opt-out
b. Opt-in
c. Double opt-in

125. You need to comply with European spam legislation. Which of the following subscription management approaches is the most commonly used?

a. Opt-out
b. Opt-in
c. Double opt-in

126. You wish to track the activity of people who visit your website. Which of the following technical setup steps helps you do this?

a. DKIM
b. SPF
c. Landing page CNAME
d. Branded tracking links (Email CNAME)
e. Munchkin code

127. Which of the following differs when importing a list of leads directly into a program (as opposed to importing into a static list)?

a. Program acquisition
b. List import mode
c. Import aliases
d. Field mappings

128. Which of the following is not a good use case for a data management campaign?

a. Standardizing country values
b. Prevent duplicates from being created
c. Blacklisting competitors from getting emails
d. Stop emailing people who bounce multiple times

129. For which of the following types of email messages can the operational setting be used?

a. Newsletter
b. New product announcement
c. Registration confirmation
d. Webinar invite

130. Which of the following bounces are categorized as hard bounces? (Choose all that apply)

a. Full mailbox
b. Server unavailable
c. Spam block
d. Invalid email

131. Which of the following is not a benefit of using Marketo forms?

a. Prevents duplicates in Marketo
b. Allows you to prepopulate data that you already have
c. Allows you to gather extra information over time instead of asking the same questions
d. Lets you have complete control over the look and feel of the form

132. If you wanted to only ask US leads for their state on a form, which functionality would you use?

a. Hidden field
b. Conditional formatting
c. Field sets
d. Visibility rules

133. True or false: The easiest way to display your custom fields in another language is to change the form locale.

134. Which of the following cannot be edited in a form?

a. Submit button text
b. Error and validation text
c. Social button text
d. Label text

135. Which of the following is not an option that you can choose for a follow up page after someone fills out a form?

a. Stay on page
b. External URL
c. Landing page
d. Close window

136. You have three mandatory fields that you want to always show on your form and 5 additional fields you want to ask over time. If you want to have a total of five fields visible to the user, which option should you choose for progressive profiling?

a. Number of blank fields = 2
b. Number of blank fields = 3
c. Number of blank fields = 5
d. Number of blank fields = 8

137. Which of the following is not a way you can populate a hidden field?

a. Inferred data
b. URL parameter
c. Cookie
d. Referrer parameter

138. If you intended to ensure that leads always used the same format when entering phone numbers on your form, which functionality would you use?

a. Input masking
b. Hint text
c. Form validation
d. Tooltip instructions

139. Which of the following is a benefit of a global asset (located in Design Studio)?

a. Program membership is automatic
b. Acquisition is automatic
c. Can be easily cloned
d. Easier to locate

140. What information can you edit within your landing page to improve SEO? (Choose all that apply)

a. Title
b. Keywords
c. Description
d. URL

141. An organization wants to prevent over-emailing leads. Which functionality should they use?

a. Audit trail
b. Remove from flow
c. Email admin settings
d. Communication limits

142. How does a marketer ensure compliance with international spam laws?

a. Use a dedicated IP address
b. Implement a double opt-in process
c. Leverage the email deliverability tool
d. Configure branded links for international leads

143. It is required that US states be entered as a two digit abbreviation, but you want to display full state names in the form picklist. Which form editor feature should you use?

a. Enable Mask Input in the field settings
b. Enable Form Prefill in the form settings
c. Use Progressive Profiling in the form settings
d. Use a different value for Stored Value in the field settings

144. What should be included in an email to help ensure deliverability?

a. Images
b. JavaScript
c. Text version
d. Landing page links

145. A marketing manager recently launched a landing page with the following URL: go.marketo.com/Pricing. The manager is keeping the page content the same, but wants to update the URL to go.marketo.com/Product-Costs. How should this update be done?

a. Edit URL Settings
b. Enable Personalized URLs
c. Open URL Builder in Admin
d. Generate a private preview URL

146. A marketer has a field on a form where a lead can indicate products of interest. The corresponding field in the CRM contains product codes, but the marketer wants to display the full product names on the form.
What should the marketer do?

a. Use a custom Visibility Rule to change the picklist items
b. Use Mask Input to change the display value of the picklist items
c. Use a different Display Value and Stored Value in the picklist items
d. Use Progressive Profiling to change the display value of the picklist items

147. A marketer wants to launch a new gated asset on a company website using a Marketo embedded form. Which functionality is used for Marketo embedded forms?

a. reCAPTCHA
b. Form Pre-fill
c. Progressive Profiling
d. Suppress Competitor form fills

148. Which three steps should a marketer use to make an unsubscribe page appear in the readers local language?

a. Update the individual languages and set your default
b. Create a smart list for language each preferred language
c. Create a segmentation for language with a segment for each preferred language
d. Create the content block on the landing page as dynamic, selecting the preferred language segmentation
f. Create the content block on the landing page as dynamic, selecting the preferred language smart list for each language

(the following test questions were taken from https://nation.marketo.com/t5/Product-Blogs/Sample-Questions-for-MCE-Exam-Analytics-Reporting/ba-p/242879) (analytics and reporting)

149. How can you determine which leads filled out the form on a specific landing page?

a. Create a Landing Page Performance Report
b. Create a form submission list in the Design Studio
c. Create a smart list using the filter 'Filled out form' with the constraint of 'Web page'
d. Create a smart list using the filter 'Visited Web Page' with the constraint of 'Form = true"

150. When should custom columns be added to a lead report?

a. To display anonymous visitors in a Web Page Activity report
b. To change the Lead Created At time frame to show results for the fiscal year
c. To review email statistics on number delivered, number bounced, and open rates
d. To show how leads that were created this year have progressed through the lifecycle

151. What is the reporting impact of selecting an acquisition program when importing a list?

a. Selecting an acquisition program is required for using the Success Path Analyzer
b. The acquisition program is required to show program success in the Email Performance report
c. The acquisition program is required to show the number and percent of new names in the Program Performance report
d. The Lead Performance report uses an acquisition program to show how successful each program is at generating new leads

152. You want to analyze marketing's overall lead generation efforts to grow the database over the past three years. Which report type should you run?

a. Program Analyzer
b. Leads by Status report
c. Lead Performance report
d. Leads by Revenue Stage report
e. Opportunity Influence Analyzer

153. Which two columns on the Program Performance Report are calculated using acquisition program?

a. New Names
b. Total Members
c. Revenue per New Name
d. Cost per Member (USD)
e. Cost per New Name (USD)
f. Revenue per Member (USD)

154. A marketer ran a program and did not assign a program status with success. The marketer now wants to run a program performance report to find the cost per success for the program.
What will occur?

a. The report will return an error for cost per success.
b. The report will return a null value for cost per success.
c. The report will identify the last program status as a success and calculate based on that.
d. The report will identify the first program status as a success and calculate based on that.

155. If you want to figure out how many people converted on a Marketo landing page, which report would you use?

a. Landing Page Performance
b. Web Page Activity
c. Program Performance
d. Lead Performance

156. If you want to limit an email performance report to a specific timeframe, which section should you go to?

a. Report
b. Smart List
c. Setup
d. Subscriptions

157. If you want to see how many people clicked through to your landing page from an email, which report would you use?

a. Email Performance Report
b. Campaign Email Performance Report
c. Email Link Performance Report
d. Landing Page Performance Report

158. If you want to understand the performance of your nurture program, which report would you run?

a. Engagement Stream Performance
b. Program Performance
c. Email Performance
d. Campaign Performance

159. Which of the following can you view in a Program Performance report? (Choose all that apply)

a. Program rank per channel
b. Cost per success
c. Number of members
d. Number of successes

160. Which of the following are columns that you can add in an Email Performance report? (Choose all that apply)

a. Hard Bounced
b. Soft Bounced
c. Unsubscribed
d. Engagement Score
e. Clicked

161. If you want to understand the growth of your database, which report would you look at?

a. Leads by Status
b. Leads by Revenue Stage
c. Lead Performance
d. Leads by Campaign

162. In which of the following reports can you filter with smart lists? (Choose all that apply)

a. Lead Performance
b. Landing Page Performance
c. Web Page Activity
d. Email Performance

163. If you wanted to limit your web page activity report to only show leads in Germany, which of the following sections would you modify?

a. Report
b. Smart List
c. Setup
d. Subscription

164. True or false: In Lead Performance reports, you can group by company or lead attributes.

165. True or false: You can include program statuses in Program Performance reports for more than one channel.

166. A marketing manager is running a landing page A/B test and wants to know which of the two pages had the best conversion rate. Which report should be used?

a. Form Conversion Report
b. Event Registration Report
c. Landing Page Activity Report
d. Landing Page Performance Report

(the following test questions were taken from https://nation.marketo.com/t5/Product-Blogs/Sample-Questions-for-MCE-Exam-Lead-Lifecycle/ba-p/242962) (lead lifecycle)

167. Which situation is appropriate for resetting a customer's score to 0 according to Marketo's Lead Scoring Guide?

a. A customer clicks an email and visits a site but has not purchased yet
b. A customer visits a site seven days in a row but has not purchased yet
c. A customer places items in the cart and visits the checkout page but does not purchase for two days
d. A customer purchased one year ago but has not visited a site in six months or opened an email in one year

168. Who should provide the final approval of a scoring model's targeted buyer persona?

A. Sales
B. Marketing
c. Product manager
d. Chief executive officer

169. Which two Marketo features allow marketing to pass information on a lead's behavior to a CRM system? (Choose two)

a. Synced data fields
b. System smart lists
c. Marketo Sales Insight
d. Segmentation membership
e. Lead performance report

170. Which two company stakeholders should be included in the process when creating a scoring plan? (Choose two)

a. Sales
b. Marketing
c. Product Manager
d. Chief executive officer
e. Research and development
f. Finance

171. Which of the following is not a type of behavior scoring that can be done in Marketo?

a. Attends webinar
b. Fills out form
c. Visits web page
d. Title changes

172. True or false: In general, you should only give leads points for a particular demographic score once.

173. If you want to track both an overall score and a behavior score, which of the following should you do?

a. Create separate program tokens
b. Create separate smart campaigns
c. Create separate flow actions
d. Create separate smart lists

174. You wish to change someone's score when they are not actively engaging with content anymore. Which type of scoring should you use?

a. Behavioral scoring
b. Negative scoring
c. Demographic scoring
d. Account scoring

175. True or false: To make it easier to make changes to scoring programs in the future, you can store your score values in tokens.

176. Which of the following field types allow for you to do basic math?

a. Score
b. Number
c. Formula
d. Boolean

177. Which of the following are recommended ways of alerting sales when they have a new lead to follow up on? (choose all that apply)

a. Send an email
b. Send an alert
c. Create a task
d. Update a field

178. A marketing manager has some leads in the database that have not opened emails in the past six months. The marketing manager wants to reset their scores to 0.
Which solution would work to reset their score to 0?

a. Smart Campaign with a flow step - CHANGE PROGRAM SUCCESS = 0
b. Smart Campaign with a flow step - CHANGE SCORE, New Value = 0
c. Smart List with a flow step - CHANGE DATA VALUE, New Value = 0
d. Smart Campaign with a flow step - Add to system list "Unscored leads"

179. A marketing and sales organization has a service level agreement (SLA) in place that requires sales to follow up on an assigned lead within 24 hours of receiving a notification. If a follow-up does not occur within 48 hours, a reminder notification is sent to them.
Which set of flow setup steps should be used to accomplish the reminder notification?

a. Wait, Send Alert
b. Wait, Send Email
c. Wait, Add interesting moment
d. Wait, Change Program Status, send Alert

180. A lead has reached a specific lead score and is then marked as sales ready. Where is this indicated?

a. Lead Status
b. A flag in Admin
c. Email Permission
d. Lead Owner Comments

(the following test questions were taken from https://nation.marketo.com/t5/Product-Blogs/Sample-Questions-for-MCE-Exam-Targeting-Personalization/ba-p/243019) (targeting and personalization) 

181. Look at the image below labeled Image 1. From where are the tokens inherited?

Image 1: https://marketoneglobal-my.sharepoint.com/:i:/g/personal/nhuezo_marketone_com/ERRw-YofqOBJiDpqiPXCNzsBsioQs5Hv479DI-gaLU5Lpg?e=yVpRh0

a. Token examples folder
b. Campaigns folder
c. Testing for Testing Sake folder
d. BP-TS-YYYY-MM-DD-Tradeshow Program

182. What is a prerequisite for using dynamic content?

a. Emails are active
b. An approved snippet
c. An approved segmentation
d. Activity log tracking is active

183. Which three steps should a marketer use to make an unsubscribe page appear in the reader's local language? DUPLICATE

a. Update the individual languages and set your default
b. Create a smart list for each preferred language
c. Create a segmentation for language with a segment for each preferred language
d. Create the content block on the landing page as dynamic, selecting the preferred language segmentation
e. Create the content block on the landing page as dynamic, selecting the preferred language smart list for each language

184. Which of the following are valid type of tokens? (Choose all that apply)

a. Calendar file
b. Date
c. Text
d. Score

185. If you set up tokens at the folder level, what type of token will you see on any program within that folder?

a. Local Token
b. Inherited Token
c. Overridden Token
d. Lead Token

186. What always precedes the name of a program token?

a. my.
b. lead.
c. company.
d. system.

187. You can use tokens in which of the following? (Choose all that apply) DUPLICATE

a. Flow actions
b. Smart lists
c. Emails
d. Landing pages

188. Which type of token would you use if you wanted to populate the current date in an email?

a. Program token
b. Personalization token
c. System token

189. In which of the following situations would you use dynamic content instead of a token? (Choose all that apply)

a. Multiple languages in an email
b. Adding the person's first name in the email
c. Using a regional unsubscribe footer
d. Display different images for each person's industry
e. Including the person's account manager's contact information

190. True or false: You can make both landing pages and emails dynamic.

191. True or false: A lead can belong to more than one segment within a segmentation.

192. Which of the following is not a commonly used segmentation? DUPLICATE

a. Industry
b. Language
c. Product Interests
d. Region

193. Which of the following types of assets can use the dynamic content functionality? (Choose all that apply)

a. Emails
b. Landing Pages
c. Snippets
d. Forms
e. Images

194. You have a segmentation for Industry with three segments (priority 1: Healthcare, priority 2: Government, priority 3: Education). One person you are emailing does not have an Industry populated. Which content version will they see? DUPLICATE

a. Healthcare
b. Government
c. Education
d. Default

195. Snippets can be used in which of the following assets? (Choose all that apply)

a. Forms
b. Landing Pages
c. Emails
d. Images

196. Which of the following is a good use of a static snippet?

a. Regional address footer
b. Business unit-specific unsubscribe information
c. Privacy policy language
d. Regional social media links

